wire up static mode converter and initial migration guide (#5329)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/cli/convert.md

and many supported *_sd_configs. Unsupported features in a source config result
in [errors].

> You can find a detailed migration guide for this [here](../../../getting-started/migrating-from-prometheus/)

Author: Added a link out to the migration guides. If someone is here they may not find them easily otherwise.

> You can find a detailed migration guide for this [here](../../../getting-started/migrating-from-prometheus/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Migrate from Prometheus to Grafana Agent Flow]({{< relref "../../getting-started/migrating-from-prometheus/" >}}) for a detailed migration guide.
```

We need to double check I've got the number of `../` correct in the relref.  Can be done in a local checkout with `make docs` and check links, or with `make doc-validator`.

If you have unsupported features in a source configuration, you will receive [errors] when you convert to a flow configuration. The converter will
also raise warnings for configuration options that may require your attention.

> You can find a detailed migration guide for this [here](../../../getting-started/migrating-from-promtail/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Migrate from Promtail to Grafana Agent Flow]({{< relref "../../getting-started/migrating-from-promtail/" >}}) for a detailed migration guide.
```

Need to double check the number of `../`

### Static

Using the `--source-format=static` will convert the source configuration from

> [Static](../../../../static) to Grafana Agent Flow configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grafana Agent [Static]({{< relref "../../../static" >}}) mode to Flow mode configuration.
```

Verify the number of `../`

> If you have unsupported features in a source configuration, you will receive [errors] when you convert to a flow configuration. The converter will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have unsupported features in a Static mode source configuration, you will receive [errors][] when you convert to a Flow mode configuration. The converter will
```

also raise warnings for configuration options that may require your attention.

> You can find a detailed migration guide for this [here](../../../getting-started/migrating-from-static/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Migrate Grafana Agent from Static mode to Flow mode]({{< relref "../../getting-started/migrating-from-static/" >}}) for a detailed migration guide.
```

Verify the number of `../`
